Update China Network DNS supporting both Full and Partial (#15605)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/china-network/concepts/china-dns.md

## When to use

Before you enable China Authoritative DNS, you should confirm that majority (over 90%) of the traffic is coming from China. After you enable China Authoritative DNS, all the global DNS requests will be routed to JD Cloud data centers in China instead of the nearest data centers. 

## General setup

After you [enable the Cloudflare China Network service](/china-network/get-started/), do the following:

> 1. You will need to reach out your Cloudflare sales team or submit a ticket to support team to enable the feature. Temporarily the feature can't be enabled from the Cloudflare dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reach out to your Cloudflare sales team or submit a ticket to the support team to enable the feature. Currently, you cannot enable China Authoritative DNS in the Cloudflare dashboard.
```

>     The current China Network supports both a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) and a [partial setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Cloudflare China Network supports both a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) and a [partial setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/). 
```

>     The Cloudflare China Network currently supports a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) and a [partial setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Cloudflare China Network currently supports domains using a [full setup](/dns/zone-setups/full-setup/) or a [partial setup](/dns/zone-setups/partial-setup/). 
```
